## 1.2.1.1. Copular sentences
### 1.2.1.1.1. Copular sentences with nominal complement
#### 1.2.1.1.1.1. is there an overt be-copula? optional/obligatory
#### 1.2.1.1.1.2. how is the predicate noun marked?
#### 1.2.1.1.1.3. give the order of the constituents.
### 1.2.1.1.2. Copular sentences with adjectival complement
#### 1.2.1.1.2.1. is there an overt be-copula? optional/obligatory
#### 1.2.1.1.2.2. how is the complement adjective marked?
#### 1.2.1.1.2.3. give the order of the constituents.
### 1.2.1.1.3. Copular sentences with adverbial complement
#### 1.2.1.1.3.1. is there an overt be-copula? optional/obligatory
#### 1.2.1.1.3.2. how is the complement adverbial marked?
#### 1.2.1.1.3.3. give the order of the constituents.
### 1.2.1.1.4. In the case of copular sentences without overt be-copula:
#### 1.2.1.1.4.1. are the normal verbal categories expressed (e.g. tense, etc.)?
#### 1.2.1.1.4.2. if so, how is this done? For example:
##### 1.2.1.1.4.2.1. verbal affixes affixed to the complement element.
##### 1.2.1.1.4.2.2. verbal affixes affixed to some other element.
##### 1.2.1.1.4.2.3. other means.
### 1.2.1.1.5. Is it the case that the be-copula can be/is omitted only in the least marked form, e.g. present tense, third person singular?
### 1.2.1.1.6. Are there different types of copula?
#### 1.2.1.1.6.1. defining
#### 1.2.1.1.6.2. identity
#### 1.2.1.1.6.3. role
#### 1.2.1.1.6.4. other (e.g. 'become')
## 1.2.1.2. Verbal sentences
### 1.2.1.2.1. Are there verbs without subjects, or with dummy subjects? optionally/obligatorily
### 1.2.1.2.2. Are there verbs without direct objects? optionally/obligatorily?
### 1.2.1.2.3. Is there a separate category indirect object (definable other than in semantic terms) which can be present? optionally/obligatorily
### 1.2.1.2.4. What other kinds of arguments of verbs are there? optionally/ obligatorily
### 1.2.1.2.5. What combinations of subject, direct object, indirect object, and other arguments are found?
### 1.2.1.2.6. Give the order of the constituents for the combination of verb, subject, and direct object, and also for all the other combinations described in questions 1.2.1.2.1-5 above.
## 1.2.1.3. Adverbials
### 1.2.1.3.1. Do the following types of adverbial occur?
#### 1.2.1.3.1.1. adverbs
#### 1.2.1.3.1.2. prepositional or postpositional phrases
#### 1.2.1.3.1.3. cases of noun phrases
#### 1.2.1.3.1.4. adverbial clauses 1. finite, 2. nonfinite
### 1.2.1.3.2. For each case describe the positional possibilities within the sentence.
If different subtypes have different positional possibilities, e.g. different types of adverb, give details of these. If different types or subtypes occur in the same sentence, what is their relative order?
### 1.2.1.3.3. Are adverbials obligatory in any constructions?