## 1.1.1.1. Does the language make any difference between direct speech and quoted speech?
If so, how is this indicated?
## 1.1.1.2. How are the different types of interrogative sentence marked?
In this and similar sections the linguist should pay attention to the following types of phenomena:
   word order differences
   affixes, clitic particles, tag-questions, etc.
   suprasegmental phenomena: intonation, etc.
At least the following types of interrogative sentence will probably occur:
### 1.1.1.2.1. Yes-no questions (i.e. questions to which the answer is yes or no) (for questions of focusing, see 1.9):
#### 1.1.1.2.1.1. Neutral (no predisposition to expect either answer)
#### 1.1.1.2.1.2. Leading:
##### 1.1.1.2.1.2.1. expecting the answer yes
##### 1.1.1.2.1.2.2. expecting the answer no
#### 1.1.1.2.1.3. Alternative
### 1.1.1.2.2. Question-word questions (e.g. What do you want ?)
#### 1.1.1.2.2.1. What elements of the sentence can be questioned`?
##### 1.1.1.2.2.1.1. which constituents of the main clause?
##### 1.1.1.2.2.1.2. which constituents of which types of subordinate clauses?
Can elements which normally appear in the position next to a subordinating conjunction be questioned? Answer this question also for nonfinite clauses and nominalized clauses.
##### 1.1.1.2.2.1.3. which constituents of noun phrases?
##### 1.1.1.2.2.1.4. which elements of prepositional phrases?
##### 1.1.1.2.2.1.5. which elements of coordinate structures?
##### 1.1.1.2.2.1.6. is it possible to question more than one thing in a sentence?
If so which combinations of the types discussed above are possible?
#### 1.1.1.2.2.2. What happens to the questioned element?
##### 1.1.1.2.2.2.1. no change
##### 1.1.1.2.2.2.2. moved to initial position
##### 1.1.1.2.2.2.3. moved to preverbal position
##### 1.1.1.2.2.2.4. clefted
##### 1.1.1.2.2.2.5. forms the intonation nucleus
##### 1.1.1.2.2.2.6. other possibilities
##### 1.1.1.2.2.2.7. if the questioned element is moved, can other elements of the clause be moved with it?
If so, which?
##### 1.1.1.2.2.2.8. if more than one element is questioned describe what happens
### 1.1.1.2.3. Echo-questions (i.e. a question asking for clarification on what the previous speaker has said)
#### 1.1.1.2.3.1. Yes-no echo-questions, e.g.
Speaker A: I'm going to the harbour.
Speaker B: (You're going) to the harbour?
Speaker A: Yes.
#### 1.1.1.2.3.2. Question-word echo-questions, e.g.
Speaker A: I'm going to the harbour.
Speaker B : ( You 're going) where ?
Speaker A: To the harbour.
or

Speaker A: Why is Bill shooting at the tin?
Speaker B: Why is who shooting at what?
Speaker A: Why is Bill shooting at the tin?
#### 1.1.1.2.3.3. Yes-no question echo-questions, e.g.
Speaker A: Are you going to the harbour?
Speaker B: Am I going to the harbour? I suppose so.
#### 1.1.1.2.3.4. Question-word question echo-questions, e.g.
Speaker A: Where are you going?
Speaker B: Where am I going ? To the harbour.
#### 1.1.1.2.3.5. Can all elements of the sentence be subject to echo-questioning? Which cannot?
#### 1.1.1.2.3.6. Can more than one element at a time be subject to echo-questioning?
If so, are there any restrictions?
#### 1.1.1.2.3.7. How are the different elements (i.e. different word-types) questioned?
### 1.1.1.2.4. Answers
#### 1.1.1.2.4.1. Are answers marked as a distinct speech act? Describe for:
##### 1.1.1.2.4.1.1. yes-no questions
##### 1.1.1.2.4.1.2. question-word questions
(for instance, in Hungarian the focus of the answer to a question-word question must occupy the same preverbal position as the question-word in the question)
##### 1.1.1.2.4.1.3. echo-questions
#### 1.1.1.2.4.2. Can answers take the form of incomplete sentences? Describe for:
##### 1.1.1.2.4.2.1. yes-no questions
###### 1.1.1.2.4.2.1.1. Are there words for 'yes', 'no', 'maybe'? If not, what form does the minimum answer take?
###### 1.1.1.2.4.2.1.2. If there are, how are they used in reply to negative and other leading questions?
##### 1.1.1.2.4.2.2. question-word questions
## 1.1.1.3. How are the different types of imperative sentence marked?
### 1.1.1.3.1. Is there a special (positive) imperative form?
#### 1.1.1.3.1.1. in what person-number combinations is this possible?
#### 1.1.1.3.1.2. are there different degrees of imperative?
### 1.1.1.3.2. Is there a special negative imperative form?
#### 1.1.1.3.2.1. in what person-number combinations is this possible?
#### 1.1.1.3.2.2. are there different degrees of negative imperative?
### 1.1.1.3.3. Are there other means of expressing the above types of imperative?
## 1.1.1.4. Are there other distinct sentence-types in the language?
## 1.1.1.5. Are any sentence-types used regularly in functions other than their normal ones (e.g. questions as requests)? Describe any restrictions on such indirect speech acts, and any means of indicating them, e.g. intonation.